## 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops

# Tasks 0 - _putchar
[`0-putchar.c`](0-putchar)

Write a program that prints putchar, followed by a new line.
* The program should return 0

# Tasks 1-I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game.
[`1-alphabet.c`](1-alphabet.c)

Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
* Prototype: void print(_)alphabet(void);
* You can only use _putchar twice in your code

# Tasks 2 - 10 x alphabet
[`2-print_alphabet_x10.c`](2-print_alphabet_x10.c)

Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

# Tasks 3 - islower
[`3-islower.c`](3-islower.c)

Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
* Prototype: int islower(int c);
* Returns 1 if c is lowercase
* Returns 0 otherwise

# Tasks 4 - isalpha
[`4-isalpha.c`](4-isalpha.c)

Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
* Prototype: int isalpha(int c);
* Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase
* Returns 0 otherwise

# Tasks 5 sign
[`5-sign.c`](5-sign.c)

Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
* Prototype: int print sign(int n);
* Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero
* Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero
* Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

# Tasks 6 There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you
[`6-abs.c`](6-abs.c)

Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

# Tasks 7 There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important
[`7-print_last_digit.c`](7-print_last_digit.c)

Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
* Prototype: int printlastdigit(int);
* Returns the value of the last digit

# Tasks 8 I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
[`8-24_hours.c`](8-24_hours.c)

Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
* Prototype: void jackbauer(void);
* You can listen to this soundtrack while coding

# Tasks 9 Learn your times table
[`9-times_table.c`](9-times_table.c)

Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

# Tasks 10 a + b
[`10-add.c`](10-add.c)

Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

# Tasks 11 98 Battery Street, the OG
[`11-print_to_98.c`](11-print_to_98.c)

Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

# Tasks 12 The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself
[`100-times_table.c`](100-times_table.c)

Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything

# Tasks 13 Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
[`101-natural.c`](101-natural.c)

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

# Tasks 14 In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A
[`102-fibonacci.c`](102-fibonacci.c)

Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
* The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space , 
* You are allowed to use the standard library

# Tasks 15 Even Liber Abbaci
[`103-fibonacci.c`](103-fibonacci.c)

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

* You are allowed to use the standard library

# Tasks 16 In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+
[`104-fibonacci.c`](104-fibonacci.c)

Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

* The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
* You are allowed to use the standard library
* You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
* You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
* You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
